Sister Xiaoning
Have you ever thought about replacing me?
No no no I remember you didn't wear makeup before
madam
If you don't like my makeup
Then I will never draw again
Turns out I underestimated him
Smiling is not as simple as I thought
Miss Xiaoni, I'm just kidding
Don't take it seriously ma'am if you don't like it
I really will never melt again
Hey.
Ma'am, are you all right?
The scent on him
It's my perfume
The smell of my wife's perfume is actually very ordinary
But
Why does it smell so good sprayed on you?
glib
This Moment
I'm horny
I can't ask for the medicine if it falls on the ground.
I'll get a new one.
Let me help you back first, no
Let's talk about it after taking the medicine
Ok, wait a minute.
I can't take this medicine
Li Xiaonian must have a problem
I want to calm down
What to do? The wife is coming.